I was just playing Freedoom Phase 2 version 0.13.0 and made this AWESOME demo! But something happened and the file doesn't want to work anymore, so I don't know what to do.
It was a day like any other, I was playing singleplayer Freedoom 2 on Chocolate Doom as I usually do, when my mom called me from the other room and I had to get up. After 15 seconds of standing still, I had to shut the game down right before I could complete the level! Could you find what my coordinates at the end were? It has to be in the format of UMASS{flag}, where the flag is my X and Y coordinates in hexadecimal form, concatenated. For example, if my coordinates were X,Y=0xFFFFF,0x000000, you would format it like UMASS{FFFFF000000}. I'm just such a huge fan of UMASS!

Even though I can't replay my demo, I remember how it went, because it was so awesome. I was playing on the second lowest difficulty.. I think the level I was playing was called Crude Processing Center. The first thing I did was grab the shotgun and exit the first room, and shot a zombie. I used a switch to open a door on the right, then shot a shotgun zombie and two more pistol zombies. I went into another room and grabbed the minigun and a blue keycard. I shot a few zombies with the minigun, then changed back to my shotgun to save my minigun ammo and shot my way through more zombies, but on the way to the blue door I swapped to my pistol to shoot two more pistol zombies and save the shotgun ammo, but swapped back to my shotgun before I went through the blue door. I checked a door, then went down a staircase where I fought off a few more zombies with the shotgun.
After the staircase was a courtyard, where I headed left to go through a door. The hallway was long and empty, but it looked like there were doors on all sides.. at the end of the hallway was a rocket launcher and the yellow keycard! I ran down the hallway to grab the card and rocket launcher, but swapped back to my minigun to not waste my two rockets on the zombies that shambled out. I found the button that opened the exit to the hallway and ran out of the trap, heading right to retrace my steps.
I activated the yellow keycard-locked button and dropped down into some water, fighting off some more monsters with my minigun. I hit a button which opened some doors and got close to a tower while zombies teleported in around me. I activated the elevator and stepped on, and pulled out my shotgun to be ready for a potential ambush at the top of my ride. I was right! When I got to the top, there was a shotgun zombie ready to blast me, so I shot him first and grabbed the red keycard he was defending. I had to fight my way past more monsters on the way back to the lift, which I took up. Heading through some more hallways, I pulled out my shotgun and went to the courtyard from before, where I opened the red key door. There were two serpents! I hit them with my minigun, then went down an elevator. I took out one of the zombies with my minigun, then on the way to the exit I changed to my shotgun to take out the last zombie. With the end in sight, I hit the button, and the exit elevator descended.. but before I could get on it, my mom called me and I had to get up immediately! Agh, it was such a good run of the map!

If you could please find my coordinates at the end of the level, I'd be so grateful! Just remember to concatenate the two hex values together, and leave out the 0x prefixes!